# New Beginnings

*There's something soothing about the feeling of a pen just before it runs out of ink.
The more that is written, the less ink remains until all words eventually fade into nothingness, leaving only scratches on the paper.
Sometimes it feels good to write about nothing.
It feels good to have invisible words that no one hears or reads.*

*Sometimes it feels good to be totally and completely alone.
No family.
No friends.
No one to hear the mind as it babbles on and on...*

Leios etched these words silently into his notebook before lazily glancing to the clouds through the thinning forest canopy.
He drew a deep breath and closed his eyes, resting his head against the bark of a towering pine tree and absorbing the essence of nature.
A cool, gentle breeze brushed his face, which quickly twisted into a frown before he tilted his head and cast a regretful gaze to his left, concentrating slightly on a small, lonely pinecone.

"It's winter," He thought. "How is it already winter?"

He glanced to his notebook.
Its spine was rough and worn, with almost every page torn out.
He flicked his pen against the paper multiple times in rapid succession, listening to the hollow beat before inspecting it further.
It was old and chewed at the end.
He bought it decades ago when beginning his career as an author.

He smiled softly as he remembered the person he used to be.
He said, "an author is only as good as his pen," and tried out every writing utensil he could find in every stationary store he found.
Eventually, he found what he was looking for.
Study grip and reloadable ink... The moment he wrote his first word, he knew it was meant for him.

He heaved a long sigh and frowned again.
What was he doing?
He didn't have time for this.

No.
He had to make time.
This was important.
He tore out the page he was writing on before throwing in a pile of crumpled paper he had collected throughout the afternoon.

Where was his passion?
Where was his drive?
Where had he gone?

He sighed and gripped his pen once more before writing,
*I'm tired.
I'm so incredibly tired.*

The ink was nearly invisible.
Any other time, he would write over each character over and over again until they could be read clearly, but not this time.
The words were not meant to be kept.
They were idle thoughts of an idle mind from an idle man living an idle life.

*I have never been so tired...*
As he wrote, his eyes began to close, but he wrote nonetheless.
*I need to wake up.
I need to become...*

He felt his head droop to his chest and his back sink into the tree.
A deep feeling of regret and anguish settled in the pit of his stomach.
Writing was all he knew -- all he ever loved!
He sacrificed so much to be an author.
He was an author!

An author that could not write.

"No," He thought, "I am just out of ink. If I get a new pen, I can write again."

He drew a deep breath and tried to open his eyes, but to no avail.

He saw nothing but darkness against the back of his eyelids, but after a while a hazy red glow appeared from his lap, along with a few groggy questions.

Did he fall asleep?
Was it night already?

He flexed the muscles of his hand and watched the light shimmer slightly.
"Is that my pen?" He wondered.

As he looked around, he could see nothing but red and darkness.
His head felt swarmed with unnecessary thoughts, all frustratingly beyond his grasp. 
He had so much to do, but he didn't know what any of it meant.
He felt so incredibly broken.

Whatever.
It didn't matter whether he could see or not.
He wasn't writing anything meant to be read.

He tried to finish he thought from before,
*Better. I need to become better. I need to become...*
As he began to scribble a bit more, the glow began to smear across his notebook.
He paused to think before writing the next word.
What did he need to become?

*Leios.*
He wrote his own name.
Why?
He was already Leios.
No matter what he did, he would always be Leios.

He looked again to his lap and saw his own name etched in his book as a glowing golden coal amid a flickering fire of red.
Was his name special?

He then wrote the name of his wife, *Leah*.
Then the names of his kids, *Leslie, Laslo*.

Nothing.
Just a glowing red smear. 
"Why am I special?" He thought.
"Why 'Leios?'"

He began writing more words. Anything that came to mind.

*Banana*

*Bread*

*Chestnut*

*Fire*

Nothing.
He furrowed his brows a bit before writing another name: *Tsedek.*

As it was written, his pen pulsed with golden light and the name leapt from the page, similar to his own name before.

He began writing more names: *Qedem. Sophia. Aheb. Noema*
Each one began to glow crisply on the page.

Why?

His pen, once a blurry red now shone a deep amber.
He could feel something.
Something he hadn't felt in a long time.

He gently placed the pen in the spine of the notebook so it illuminated the paper before flexing his hand by his side.
He moved his fingers over the glowing words and felt something hidden within them.

Tsedek was lonely and confused, seeking definition of good and evil.
He felt like chalk, scratching against an infinite black board.

Qedem was honorable, but strongwilled.
He felt refined, powerful... but Leios could feel tears welling inside him.
Why?

Sophia was meek.
Aheb was courageous.

He laughed with Noema.
She always was such a beautiful person.

Who were these people?
Why were they glowing when nothing else would?

He stared at his own name.
Who was "Leios" again?

He timidly moved his hand towards the name before drawing a deep breath and sighing.
Why was he so nervous?
He knew Leios, right?

As he moved his hand closer, his pen began to glow a brilliant gold, consuming his vision and becoming ever brighter and brighter until he could see nothing but white.

Slowly, the world came back into view.
He saw pine needles falling and his notes tumbling in the wind.
The air was crisp. 
The sky was radiant.

He felt awake for the first time in a very long time.

He looked to his lap and saw his old pen, now glowing a deep amber.
On his notebook, there was only one simple phrase,

**Become Leios**