# Grim

Closed curtains glowed softly from the sun outside, illuminating a silent, musty room with dust flickering lazily in the air.
It was a simple room.
Beside the window, there was a bed with crimson sheets, covering the body of a middle-aged man with a gray beard and hair.
His name was Shen, and even while resting, his eyes were furrowed in deep concentration as he mumbled incoherently to himself.

There was a black cloak hanging to his right, and a single ray of light shone from the window across the room to a mirrored case filled with perfectly spherical cuts of glass.
Each sphere seemed alive, reflecting the window's light and illuminating the room with moving patterns.

The floor was wooden.
The walls were molding slightly from their original off-white and the ceiling had simple wooden beams.
There were no ornaments on the wall or any signs of individuality.

There was nothing else in the room, not even a door.
There was no escape to the outside world.

As the light from the window grew brighter, the spheres of glass began shimmering wildly, scattering rays in all directions in a dazzling display across the room.
It seemed as if each sphere was the eye of another person, darting about and carefully observing its surroundings.
Soon, a ray of light drifted to the bed.
Soon after, another ray followed, and then another and another until the entire case of spheres were all staring intently at the bed, as if expecting something.

Shen grunted and rolled over, wiping the sleep from his eyes.

"I'm up." He said in a rather gruff voice before sighing and saying again, "I'm up..."

He then groaned and threw off his sheets before rotating his legs to the floor.
He sheltered his eyes from the case's light before saying, "I guess you guys are up too..."

He then rubbed his temples with his non dominant hand, yawned and grabbed the black cloak before standing and stretching, revealing a simple collared shirt and blue working pants he had clearly slept in the night before.
As he did so, the light from each sphere followed him.
Some eyed the cloak while others stared directly at his face.
They seemed curious and confused, questioning who Shen was and why he existed at all.

"I'm coming guys." Shen said before muttering to himself, "I really need some sunglasses or something..."

He dawned the cloak and covered his eyes while moving closer to the case of spheres.
As he did so, they became nervous and began began diverting their gazes.
When he arrived within reaching distance, only one sphere was stubbornly staring in his direction.

He cleared his throat before reaching out his hand. 
"I guess you are first, then."

As he brushed the surface of the sphere, the world around him disappeared and became black.
He began to hear the muted sounds of a standard suburban neighborhood, along with the all-too-familiar sound of a bickering couple.

"How *dare* you?" A woman's voice shrieked. "How *dare* you? After all the time and effort I have put into raising her!"

"Raising her?" A man yelled back. "She's a failure, Pam!"

A small hallway slowly faded into view that connected a well-lit kitchen to a few bedrooms.
It was clearly night and difficult to make out what could be happening in the bedrooms, so Shen carefully entered the kitchen, listening intently to the conversation.

"She's not a failure! She's in Jr. High! What were you doing in Jr. High, Phil?" Pam's face was red with anger.

"It doesn't matter what I was doing!  I wasn't smoking pot! I wasn't drinking booze!" Phil's face appeared to snarl as if he were a a wolf ready to attack. "We need to do something! I will *not* have my daughter representing our family like *that*!"

"*Our* family?" Pam scoffed, "*Our* family? You are never here!"

Shen looked closely at the two parents.
Phil was roughly 40 with a serious face and a rugged jaw.
Pam was slightly younger, with bright red hair that blended perfectly into her angry face.
She also seemed healthy, relatively speaking.

Neither of them were at risk of seeing him.

As he looked around the kitchen, he saw an empty bottle of whiskey on the table, a few dishes in the sink from what looked to be leftover lasagna, and three chairs strewn about from the table.

Three?
The daughter must still be in the house.

Shen left the conversation and went back to the hallway before looking toward the bedrooms.
None of the lights were on, but a single room was left ajar.
He quickly ran to the door and knocked gently, "Hello. Can you hear me?"

Nothing.

He walked into the room and stumbled slightly as his eyes re-adjusted to the darkness.
There was a large bed in the center of the room, along with an attached bathroom and closet.
He asked again, "Can you hear me?"

"Who..." There was the voice of a girl softly sobbing from the bathroom. "Who are you?"

"I'm Shen. Don't worry, I'm a friend." 

"I... I don't have friends." The girl said.

"Oh, sure you do. I'm right here." Shen looked into the bathroom and saw a girl in her early teens sitting on a closed toilet seat with a kitchen knife in her lap, illuminated only by moonlight from the window "Are you ok?"

"Get out!" The girl screamed, "Leave!"

"No. I'm here for you." Shen closed the door behind him and almost immediately regretted his decision.
It would come off as intimidating, which was the last thing he wanted.

"Who *are* you? *Leave!*" The girl now pointed the knife at Shen. "Get out!"

"I'm sorry. I won't do anything. I can't do anything. I'm just here to watch."
No matter what, he couldn't break the cardinal rule of his job: *talk, don't touch.*
Shen slumped against the door and sat on the floor, trying to match her mood.
He paused before asking, "What's your name?"

"Get out or I will call the cops!"

"I'm really sorry, but you can't."
Shen said, while producing a small notebook from his pocket.
"What's your name?"

"What do you mean I can't?"

"Listen. Do you hear your parents right now?"

She paused, "No."

"Do you hear me?"

"Yes."

"I know what you are going to do with that knife."
Shen looked to the girl, trying to find her eyes in the moonlight, "I can't stop you from doing it, but I can stop time and talk. Now, I really need your name."

"What?"

"I am a superhero. My only ability is stopping time for people who are about to die. It's an awful power..."
Shen sighed, "I need your name"

"Maggie."
She put the knife back on her lap.

"Maggie."
Shen tasted the name on his tongue while writing it his book before slipping it back in his pocket.

"What is going on?" Maggie asked, still somewhat frantic.

"I heard a call for help from somewhere deep within your soul and came to keep you from getting hurt." Shen sighed slightly, "There are two things we can do: one, I can adequately convince you that your life is worth living and you can put down the knife, or two, I can take your soul right now and we can reset your life."

"I don't understand."

"You don't need to understand. You just need to trust me."
Shen winced slightly at the lame line before retracing his steps, "Your life is crap with now. Your parents are constantly fighting, you are performing poorly in school, and all your friends are distancing themselves from you, but that's *life*. You are alive. You can change everything for the better."

Maggie stared intently, asking for more without saying a single word.

"You can do anything, Maggie."
Shen stood and leaned against the counter, trying not to seem intimidating.
"Don't let your parents define you. Don't let your friends define you. You define yourself, and that takes a lot of work."

Maggie said nothing.
Her gaze shifted to the wall in front of her.
Shen sighed again and rubbed his temples, "If you really want to end your life, you can do it, but you have a lot going for you here. I cannot guarantee the next life you get will be any better."

Maggie began to cry loudly, holding her head in her hands and Shen had no idea what to do.
He wanted to grab her.
To comfort her in her time of need, but he could not.
Not without breaking the rules.
He instead slouched back to the bathroom floor and said, "It's ok. We have as much time as you need."

They waited in silence for a long while.
Eventually, Maggie spoke, "It's not just school or my parents or friends... I just cannot live like this anymore."

"Like what?" 

"Like this." Maggie emphatically waved at herself. "I hate everything about me."

"Man, I know that feeling." Shen said. "Before this job, I was homeless. I went dumpster to dumpster, shelter to shelter, just trying to keep myself alive. It was awful."

Maggie was silent again for some time before saying, "Yeah. It sounds horrible."

"It was." Shen rested his head against the door, "The worst part was the way people looked at me, you know? It hurt."

Maggie was either at a loss for words or didn't care about the conversation, so she simply agreed, "Yeah."

"Maggie." Shen looked to her.
"You are clearly a kind and caring person. You have an entire future ahead of you. Don't end it now."

"What's your name again?" Maggie asked.

"Shen."

"Shen." Maggie repeated.
She then silently nodded and placed the knife on the floor before lifting and grabbing her legs and resting her face on her knees.

She didn't say anything more and for a while, neither did Shen.
Nothing needed to be said.

After a while, Shen broke the silence. "When you are ready, please hand me the knife and I can be on my way."

Maggie sighed and pushed the knife slightly toward Shen.
Her eyes were still lifeless, but the tears had dried up.
She would be fine.

He looked at her one last time, making sure she was alright before grabbing the knife and saying, "Good luck!"

The moment his hands gripped the knife, the world faded into black again before his old room slowly came into view.
He stood before his case of glass spheres as they cast their light around the room while his hand still tightly gripped Maggie's knife.
Her sphere had shattered on the shelf.

He always thought that was a good sign, but could never be sure.

He dropped the knife, hearing a satisfying *chunk* as it sunk into the wooden floor.
He then looked to the shelf and sighed.
There were an unusually high number of spheres today, and not all of them would be happy endings.

It didn't really matter.
He would go through them one-by-one, as he always did.
That was his job.

He was the "grim reaper" after all.