# Scribbleios

Hello, welcome to my new channel / podcast Scribbleios.
I am Dr. James Schloss. I recently finished my PhD at the Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology graduate university and am now working as a postdoc at MIT.
I am the primary author of the arcane algorithm archive and also run the youtube channel LeiosOS and the twitch livestream Simuleios.

This project is completely different than anything I have shared online before.
It's less technical and more creative.

See, if you had asked me what my dream job would be when I was 10, I would tell you, without hesitation, that I wanted to be an author.
If you had asked me in junior high or high school, I would have told you the same thing.
Even as an undergrad, I still wanted to write.

Immediately finishing my PhD, I went to dinner with my research unit and my examiner, and he asked everyone around the table what our dream jobs were, and I answered the same way I always have, "I would love to be an author."

Before I started my PhD, I used to write every single day and had amassed thousands of pages of writing.
But somehow, I never published anything.

I think that was mostly out of fear.
It's terrifying to show your creation to people you don't know.

Throughout my PhD, I stopped writing anything but technical documents, and even though I am deeply passionate for certain aspects of the research I am doing, I often find myself wondering about what my life would be like if I *had* shared my writing so long ago.

I guess this project is my attempt to rectify that.

Right now, my writing is shaky and bland.
I've also lost everything I used to write due to a few harddrive failures and lost usbs.
I know I should have backed everything up somewhere, but I see this as a way to start fresh.

So every day, for as long as I can manage, I intend to write a short story.
I will record about 7 episodes in bulk over the weekend and try put out an audio recording every day.

Full disclosure: at least at the start, this writing will not be particularly good.
Most of the stories will also be prompted based on r/writingprompts, but I am hoping to source one prompt a week from the community, so if you have a cool prompt idea, please leave a comment somewhere.

Also, I am hoping to do somewhat regular livestreams on twitch where we read through work written by the community, but I haven't *quite* figured out the best way to do that yet.

Every day, I will try to reflect on what I wrote and give myself ways to improve.
Even though the work is prompted, I still usually focus on one aspect of my writing to improve every day.
For example, one day might be entirely dialogue, just because I feel like I need to improve with dialogue.
Another day, there might not be a single word said because I am trying to improve on environmental description.

This project is about improving myself and becoming a better author, not about writing the most entertaining story possible every day.
That said, I do hope that the stories I write *are* entertaining.

So that's the shtick: a story a day from a guy who can't write.

Welcome to Scribbleios